README.md, before:

# Multipage Dash App

A Multipage dash app that is compatable with Jupyter Proxy.

This multipage dash app will run inside JupyterHub and allow external viewing by leveraging Jupyter Proxy.

![BAsic App Runnung In Browser](./docs/basic-app-running.jpg)


### Environment Setup

Bash:
```
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Windows:
```
python -m venv .venv
source .\.venv\scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


### Configuration

Set these for viewing externally:
```python
username='email@example.com'
url_prefix= f"/user/{username}/proxy/{port}/"
```

Or to view locally set it to:
```python
url_prefix= "/"
```

This leaves us where the whole local/external viewing is determined by `url_prefix` which is handy.


### Run Dash App

```bash
make run # Assumes you have activated the venv and installed as above
```

### View Externally

With the url_prefix set to the string used for external viewing, you can view the dash here:

https://example.com/user/{username}/proxy/{port}/

Example using the values in main:
https://example.com/user/email@example.com/proxy/8050/

Commit message:

clearer on how to attach dashboards

README.md, after:

# Multipage Dash App

A Multipage dash app that is compatable with Jupyter Proxy.

This multipage dash app will run inside JupyterHub and allow external viewing by leveraging Jupyter Proxy.

![BAsic App Runnung In Browser](./docs/basic-app-running.jpg)


### Attaching Dashboards

This example comes with placeholder text instead of 3 actual dashboards.

_The dashboards are not the purpose of this, this is just a framework demonstrating how to host multiple dashboards with a menu to select between them._

To attach your dashboards you can put them here:

![attach-dashboard](docs/where-to-attach-dashboard.jpg)


### Environment Setup

Bash:
```
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Windows:
```
python -m venv .venv
source .\.venv\scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


### Configuration

Set these for viewing externally:
```python
username='email@example.com'
url_prefix= f"/user/{username}/proxy/{port}/"
```

Or to view locally set it to:
```python
url_prefix= "/"
```

This leaves us where the whole local/external viewing is determined by `url_prefix` which is handy.


### Run Dash App

```bash
make run # Assumes you have activated the venv and installed as above
```

### View Externally

With the url_prefix set to the string used for external viewing, you can view the dash here:

https://example.com/user/{username}/proxy/{port}/

Example using the values in main:
https://example.com/user/email@example.com/proxy/8050/
